0. _putchar: a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line
1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game:  a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
2. 10 x alphabet: a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
3. islower: a function that checks for lowercase character.
4. isalpha: Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
5. Sign; Write a funct
6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you: Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important mandatory Write a function that prints the last digit of a number8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
mandatory: Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from
9. Learn your times table: Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
10. a + b: Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
11. 98 Battery Street, the OG: Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself: Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by
14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A

Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

15. Even Liber Abbaci

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 
